#226 - Restrict accepted mimetypes in file widget (#1246)
mozilla-services/react-jsonschema-form: docs/form-customization.md

This allows you to programmatically trigger the browser's file selector, which can be used in a custom file widget.

#### File widget options

##### `accept` option

> You can use accept attribute to specify a filter for what file types the user can upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the accept attribute to specify a filter for what file types the user can upload:
```

> You can use accept attribute to specify a filter for what file types the user can pick from the file input dialog box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use accept attribute to specify a filter for what file types the user can upload.
```

Author: Done
